:book: fix docs about generate kubeconfig use CA (#5832)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/tasks/certs/generate-kubeconfig.md

> 1. Create a new Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for the `system:masters` Kubernetes role, or specify any other role under CN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new Certificate Signing Request (CSR) for the `admin` user with the `system:masters` Kubernetes role, or specify any other role under O.
```

   ```bash

>    openssl req  -subj "/CN=admin/O=system:masters" -new -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -out admin.csr -keyout admin.key  -out admin.csr

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   openssl req  -subj "/CN=admin/O=system:masters" -new -newkey rsa:2048 -nodes -keyout admin.key  -out admin.csr
```
